Hey.
You all seem very relaxed.
Bring it on, Class A!
Let's settle the score today!
CLASS A VS CLASS B
The Hero Course of U.A. High
Class A and Class B
are in a joint training battle.
In the first battle,
Shinso's participation secured
a victory for Class A.
In the second battle,
Kendo's tactic even the field
as Yaoyorozu employed
her sharp analysis of the battle.
But after a fierce battle, Class B won.
The score is now 1-1.
KINOKO KOMORI
FUMIKAGE TOKOYAMI
I'm sorry, Tokoyami.
Do you need some cough drops?
You shouldn't show me sympathy.
I have an idea.
I'll get some medicine from Recovery Girl.
ITSUKA KENDO
MOMO YAOYOROZU
You can't improve without training.
Humans are so pathetic.
Why should we carry the wounded?
Just ask for your school nurse.
The damage sure is extensive.
It's on a different level
compared to the first battle.
This is normal for Hero Course training.
But the destruction they caused
is a little too much.
Fukidashi and Kendo!
You should know better!
Reduce the damage to a minimum!
-Yes!
-Sorry.
MANGA FUKIDASHI
Vlad, how long will it take
for the mushrooms to disappear?
It should take another two hours or so.
Then we should use the other arena.
Let's take a break.
It's a total victory for Class B!
I bet we are going to win just as we did
during the school festival!
But, Class A, don't feel disheartened.
The difference in our strength
is simply too obvious!
Sorry about that.
That guy is always so full of himself.
Why would he provoke us
if he knew Kendo would knock him out?
By the way, don't you think Class B
has quite some unique characters?
Not at all. Your class is much cooler.
Fukidashi, I can't believe
you can make something so huge!
But my throat will become dry and itchy.
I'll just have to put up with it.
I know this is expected, but aside
from their improvements in Quirks,
their mental development makes
their Quirks even stronger.
There he goes again.
Deku, you've become much stronger too.
I wish that were true.
You have a long way to go
to catch up to me.
No way.
I'm not talking about my height!
I have quietly arrived.
All Might?
Young Midoriya, may I have a word?
Sure.
How lovey-dovey!
Midoriya seems to have grown closer
with All Might lately.
He's been asking All Might to supervise
his training since the school festival.
Nice job, Uraraka.
You know Deku like the back of your hand.
I've only heard rumors about it,
that's all!
Sorry!
Don't use your Quirk before the battle!
Save your strength for later!
I feel like I'm breakdancing!
Young Midoriya.
Has there been any anomaly
with your Quirk since then?
No, nothing in particular.
I see.
My master never told me anything
about the Quirk going berserk.
I'm going to find out more
from Gran Torino.
Okay. Thank you very much.
You must be cautious.
The fifth battle is…
You saw One For All's real appearance
when you first fought Shinso.
HITOSHI SHINSO
QUIRK: BRAINWASH
Very well, I'll be careful.
-Hey.
-Kacchan, I didn't hear you coming.
If you want me to keep your secret,
then stop whispering behind me!
It will only draw suspicion!
What?
Don't "what" at me!
What's wrong with One For All?
The truth is…
Quirk trigger?
I'm not sure if you've improved
or the other way around!
I'm not sure either.
When will the Quirk truly become yours?
I'm much stronger now than we last fought.
I can't wait to know myself.
Is Young Bakugo showing his concerns
in his own way?
What's with the smirk?
You're getting on my nerves!
Cut it out, you fool!
Or maybe I'm mistaken.
Young Midoriya saw the true face
of One For All.
His fight with Shinso was the trigger.
I still think the two incidents
are linked.
Master, what are you
and the previous users trying to convey?
Your injury should heal
in 30 minutes or so.
Be grateful that your body
is still young and strong.
You have really soft and delicate skin.
For the third battle,
the arena will be changed
to the east side of Block 2.
Let's proceed to the next battle!
Third battle, get ready!
-It's finally Iida's turn.
-Yes.
Todoroki has fire and ice
for a wide-range attack.
Iida has overwhelming speed.
Shoji has his sharp senses.
Ojiro is skilled in close-quarter combat.
This team is well-balanced in all aspects.
Todoroki is on this team.
That should make the fight a lot easier.
Underestimating your foe
will bring you to defeat.
I know that!
SHOTO TODOROKI
Todoroki.
Tokoyami, how is your throat?
I took some medicine.
I'm feeling well.
I see.
I'm sorry you had to see
my humiliating defeat.
I'm counting on you next.
Why me?
Hawks and Endeavor
were both in that fierce battle with Nomu,
and they are both our mentors.
We must live up to the expectations
of the No. 1 and No. 2 Heroes.
I see.
That last battle…
Plus Ultra!
Prominence Burn!
Shoto.
You must master this move.
Do not run away from me or yourself!
Stand up! Don't show any weakness!
It's a shame Toya didn't cut it.
His flame surpasses even mine.
But his body couldn't handle the cold.
It's such a shame.
You're my last hope, Shoto!
It's finally your turn!
Only you can master this move!
Only you can realize my ambition!
Todoroki.
Todoroki!
Are you all right? You seem odd just now.
-Really?
-Yes.
Is something bothering you?
It's nothing. Thank you for asking.
You barely show any expression,
so it was hard to tell.
I'm impressed you actually noticed.
As the class rep, I must pay attention
to everyone and offer them my help!
He seems hyped somehow.
But he's always excited about something.
My brother is recovering well.
I'm glad to hear that.
I think Pro Hero Ingenium
might have to retire from now on.
No!
People still need your leadership
and guidance!
If you are willing,
could you please take on my hero name?
I must live up to the name of my brother,
the previous Ingenium!
As I'm watching everyone,
they are watching me as well.
I was in third place
during the sports day.
I'll show everyone
my determination as the heir of his name!
Determination of an heir…
I know people see me as an oaf.
But at least I made it into U.A. High.
I'm not living on an empty brain!
Why are you bringing this up now?
It's about our team!
We don't know how to utilize
the element of surprise to our advantage!
That is true enough.
What should we do then?
Everyone!
We talked about this just now--
That's for sure!
What?
We'll raze this place to the ground!
That's what a fool would do!
Take this!
Vlad King just told us
to minimize the damage!
Take that!
What? He wasn't even listening just now.
What is that?
I can hear the constant hitting of metals.
That is likely Tetsutetsu's doing.
Take this!
Class B, Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu.
Hero name: Real Steel.
Quirk: Steel.
He can turn his entire body into metal.
He can be the strongest weapon
and the toughest shield.
No more petty tricks.
Come on and face me head-on!
Tetsutetsu, they have Todoroki
on their team!
I don't care!
You really are living on an empty brain.
Forget it.
This is not entirely a bad thing.
Juzo, how can you be so calm?
Jeez! Don't keep us in the dark like that!
See? Pony is speaking
in her mother tongue!
She is really upset!
Tetsutetsu doesn't mean any harm.
In fact, his approach plays
to our strength.
Juzo, your approach is too gentle!
Bring it on!
The sound of metals is not stopping.
Judging by the noises,
he is destroying the surroundings.
They are planning a frontal assault.
Are they serious?
In that case, we must retaliate.
Agreed.
Great.
Let's go, Class A, Team Three!
TENYA IIDA
QUIRK: ENGINE
ENGINES ON HIS LEGS ALLOW HIM
TO MOVE AROUND SWIFTLY
MASHIRAO OJIRO
QUIRK: TAIL
HE CAN USE HIS TAIL
FOR ATTACKS OR MOBILITY
The villain is headed toward Line No. 5.
The villain is headed
to the port as expected.
I have to escape them.
What? Endeavor!
You're not getting away.
What?
I'll use them as my hostage.
Run! Now!
Curse you! Let me go!
That is not possible.
Fine! I get it! Let me go!
I'll do as you say!
Thank you, Endeavor.
How is the damage to the street?
There is barely any damage.
It was right to isolate him
from the crowd.
Indeed.
Excuse me.
What is it?
You saved us.
Thank you!
Are you hurt?
-No!
Stay safe on your way home.
-Okay!
Endeavor, there is another request
to team up.
Should we do the usual?
Yes. Make a list of the requests.
Thanks to Fuyumi,
I can finally…
add Shoto's number to my contact list!
Shoto, I have a message for you.
HOW ARE YOU?
I NEED TO SPEAK WITH YOU
Start replying to my messages, Shoto!
I'm not the same guy
who used to ignore your feelings.
Do not run away from me or yourself!
Stand up! Don't show any weakness!
Now that I've taken
a step towards my ideal self,
I believe I can teach you
that move as your father.
Which is why…
Which is why you should
start replying to my messages.
Shoto!
I think he is in class right now.
His obsession with Shoto
is getting worse every day.
Are you all right? Did you catch a cold?
It's nothing. I'll be fine.
We're almost there.
Follow the plan. Let's split up.
Understood.
We're counting on you, Todoroki.
Tetsutetsu!
Our opponents won't be stupid enough
to charge right at us!
This must be their trap!
No, I would come here if I were them.
After Shoji reads the situation,
Todoroki will be their main force.
Assuming that they are together
in such an open space…
He always starts with his ice attack!
That is too sneaky!
But the ice won't block their view.
He's made some improvements.
Todoroki is behind the ice!
Where are the rest of them?
I can't see them.
Even if Honenuki makes the ground soft,
it won't matter as long as there is ice!
As soon as they slow down,
we'll take them all out.
Recipro Burst!
Bring it on!
-What?
Using a large-scale ice attack
is too predictable.
We would be doomed
had you used your flame instead.
Class B, Juzo Honenuki.
Hero name: Mudman.
Quirk: Softening.
He can turn any object he touches soft.
But it doesn't work on creatures.
A second touch will undo the effect.
Thank you, Juzo!
Your reaction was flexible indeed!
He got in
through official recommendations too!
He activated his Quirk
before the ice pinned them down.
His response was incredible.
We should retreat and regroup--
I found you.
I softened random objects in the area,
don't let your guard down.
Class B countered
Todoroki's ice attack flawlessly!
Now retaliate!
Honenuki foresaw the ice attack?
Even so, he merely improvised.
Honenuki is very intelligent.
His flexibility is formidable.
Nice job, Juzo! Leave Ojiro to me!
That hurts!
I can't guard against this attack!
Class B, Sen Kaibara.
Hero name: Spiral.
Quirk: Gyrate.
His body can spin like a drill!
Ojiro!
Not again!
Your legs can only run on hard surfaces.
The ice you stepped on was soft.
I knew you would be a threat.
I'll sink you and trap you in there.
You plan to stop our coordinated attack.
Cursed villain! How treacherous!
He's really into his role-playing.
They dealt with Iida's mobility.
Class B has no scouting members,
but they won't be at a disadvantage
as long as all combatants
are in the vicinity.
If it turns into a battle royale,
Todoroki's efficiency
will be greatly reduced.
Indeed.
Now they simply have to
see it through the end.
Under these circumstances,
I can't use my flame or ice freely.
Should I go to the front line?
But then I wouldn't be able
to guard Shoji.
Shoji!
They thought Shoji would be hiding
in a safe spot and act as a scout.
I bet it's safe to hide behind Todoroki!
Class B, Pony Tsunotori.
Quirk: Horn Canon.
She can shoot her horns as projectiles.
She can currently control
four horns at once.
She always makes sure
to keep her horns polished!
This is surprisingly powerful!
Tetsutetsu!
Here I come!
Horn Dash Hammer!
You sure are freezing cold, you jerk!
I can barely feel my metal, Todoroki!
But can you win a fight
if you have to fight me with bare hands?
Eat this!
Tetsutetsu…
He learned from my mistake so quickly.
No, I don't think that was his intention.
Honenuki created this advantage for them.
Can you do nothing except dodging?
Stay there and stay still.
Curse it.
Sorry.
There is a time limit
to your Recipro Burst.
Using it at the start wasn't a great idea.
Anyway, I have to go help Tetsutetsu now.
Time limit?
That was a long time ago, Mudman.
Ingenium will never be absent
from a fight.
My legs exist for that sole purpose!
Right now,
I'm always going full throttle!
New Style: Recipro Turbo!
Are you kidding me?
Tenya, congratulations on getting
your provisional license.
Thank you, Tensei.
Aren't you working your engines too hard?
By the way, Mom,
he's grown a lot.
I know, but I think it's still too soon.
Tuning my engines?
Yes, you must start training
without your mufflers.
Then you'll be able to grow mufflers
with greater tolerance.
It's a technique passed down
by our grandfather
so we can make it in time
to anyone that needs our help.
Removing the mufflers
will bring you great pain.
But to obtain greater speed…
This increases
the base horsepower of Recipro.
The fuel depletion is minimized.
Ten minutes…
For the next ten minutes,
I am unstoppable!
Next episode…
Honenuki's flexible reaction
put Class A at a disadvantage.
Iida's Recipro Turbo is now
the deciding factor in this battle.
That and Todoroki's left side.
Ignite your flame, Todoroki!
Unleash your true potential
and become what you strive to become!
Next episode, "Match 3 Conclusion."
The battle ends heroically.
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!